Hey it's Bruto here and we have a little surprise for you.
Guess what you're being promoted as our resident senior developer.
We have a new project in mine way better than smart brain.
Way better than robo friends up.
And we want you to take the lead with this project because honestly you have done such tremendous work
for us.
You've made our company better and we just love the way you work.
So congratulations.
Myself and my team thank you for your efforts.
Oh and by the way I love your new shirt Wow you've stuck around after so many hours of videos and exercises
and you're still here.
Give yourself a pat on the back because while I can do it for you.
Thank you for following along and taking the time to purchase this course.
I know it's easy to just say thanks.
In a recording like I am now but I truly mean it.
A lot of people purchase the course and try and complete it but not many actually finish it.
Life is easy to get in the way but you did it.
You took the time to hang in there to learn and to achieve your goal.
I appreciate you taking the time out of your life to do this.
I hope you got exactly what you wanted out of this course.
Please keep in touch and let me know anytime I can help you in any way.
Yes I know it's cheesy but by you succeeding I succeed as well.
So don't be shy to reach out to me whenever you want.
On Twitter on you Dammy or of course on our online community.
I hope you stick around because I want you to use the online community as a place that you can always
return to a place where we can all grow as developers throughout our career and still have that shared
connection.
All right.
Now go off and make great things.
Be part of the world that is constantly changing and moving humanity further.
Enjoy the ride and never stop learning from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you.